next and see gas a case of odious success
a god that crosses limits rules and
borders my only mistake was a girl
with down syndrome it really has to
be me as for me to throw
[ __ ] on you the last straw in this case
would be a person that I
enjoy martyring who is maxi
vergas a vigilante hated by the common people
and the masses for being so effective gossip
is properly a philosophical art
you know it you know it and obviously
mex vergas knows it I'm not a favorite youtuber
I'm a successful youtuber a humble
producer of videos for the internet my
fame begins with the name of a
youtuber and ends ten minutes later
my fame begins with a viral news and
ends monetized after I've been
garbage to get here I've
sold my soul the dollars that weren't even
many in the end I sold myself
for little
so of titans and the god my ex and vergas
when since it is the god and the titan
of pure rat children I'm not saying
that the entire elite troop chops up
rat children but since  that a vast majority
is a man who criticizes a woman for the
way she speaks or is gay or is in a
video protesting that he never considers a
girl that good I see the thumbnails of
my videos and I say to myself
Diego you have come a long way producing
[ __ ]
Diego you are a genius and a good one
success is not something that is in our
hands almost 80 percent of
human success is due to luck I like
art cinema mochis and graffiti
but I'm still a piece of [ __ ]
with you guys I present to you the
maxi vergas millionaire
before starting with today's video
I want to clarify that this is not a game
over nor is it an attack on the
youtuber that I'm going to criticize because this is
going to be a criticism of ballet or it is going to be
a constructive criticism or at least that's what I'm
going to try this is not going to be an
attempt to sink someone okay because you
can't sink someone who has
tended and I hope that the person
behind the character that I'm going to
criticize in question knows how to accept this
video knows how to learn the things that I'm going
to say and take note of a person who
has had a lot of admiration as in my
case of course to tell you that the
detained admiration I can say that
today that admiration has
totally vanished but it does not close the
door to having it again
at any time and to you
followers I tell you that I have reopened
my website and chavalería
puntocom and this means that you can
all participate and comment on all the
toilets of the moment within the forum that is
on the website in the website there
are news blogs that are run by
several bloggers there is a
very fun memes section where all of you who
want can participate and upload
your memes among many other things
there is a forum where you can get to know each
other and discuss
all the topics you want cinema
television music news politics
youtubers there is a thread for almost all
youtubers and you can be up to date with
everything that happens there people
pass information to each other and soon we will
install the art section where
all the artists can exhibit their
work and advertise themselves so that they
get commissions of course now I will
be leaving the link in the first
line of description  This video you
can all register as long
as you have an email account
be very patient with
the errors that the website has because
surely now that he is training
then he has enough creating an
internet portal with so many things of these
characteristics is not easy it is quite
complicated but I hope that it can
serve you all as a meeting point and
as a point of mobile fun and
entertainment because you do not go to me
kids six years the hybrid
subscribe to this channel if you did not know me
and today I am going to make one of the most
elaborate videos that I have had on this channel
not the most of course not the most
because I knew quite well the youtuber that I am
going to talk about today but I have
had to open the
trash can a lot and take out many things that many of you
surely do not know and I hope with this
video I can contribute something to the community
and that you all understand the
positive and negative that Messi has see
this controversial character on the internet
which we cannot deny that he is one of
the most famous Spanish-speaking youtubers
although right now his channel is not
in the best of
situations to be able to give an opinion on the
Belgian Messi  First you should know a
little about who Diego de la Matas is
about eight years ago Diego de la
Mata is a young man who finished his
university studies and
tried to study a degree in
mechanical engineering but dropped out
because he didn't like what he
was doing things of fate and in
high school he would make contact that would
help him take his first steps
as a filmmaker his true vocation
may surprise many of you what I
'm telling you but the fact is that Diego de
la Mata's passion and
ambition is not the world of gossip the world
of salsa Diego
de la Matas's true passion is cinema and being a
filmmaker he made his first steps with a
few films that he later published on
his YouTube channel among them is
Chs since it is a film that he shot
with his partner at the time and that
has its own page no PM what
happens is that it is very poorly rated I have not
seen therefore I can't give my
opinion but surely part of that
bad rating comes from another YouTuber
who hates him or from himself
yes it is true that he even dared to
porn cinema making a
film with his partner something he doesn't
hide but that's where his youtube channel was born
uploading excerpts from his
film that's where what we
know today as the channel of one million
almost two hundred thousand subscribers was born on the
day that I'm recording this video diego
mex and ver gas but not with that name the
der zee channel come has had several
names and the first one also
corresponds to his username his
link is mister de l m m comma s which
means mister diego de la mata and the
comma s which would be a way in english it is to
say your property something of yours after not
having much success with this cinema and the
creation of films he went on to record a
blog of what was an attempt
at humor an attempt at humor that more than
funny what was barely
[Music] they had
never shaved me with a book
no
good I've been watching more video blogs
than movies it
's that I have a poster of his thing and that
channel had the name of las matas
blog by h or by b diego has almost always
been a person who has fallen badly both
on youtube and when he relates in
person with other colleagues  and at that
time when watching him on youtube we
could really feel sorry for him because we
were watching a young man in his early
twenties trying to fulfill the dream
that many had like so many others the
only mission he had was to be able to
succeed and make a living from youtube doing what he
liked to do we saw how in those
videos people insulted him if it was because of his
physique like simón or if he was a troglodyte they
insulted him because his videos were
[ __ ] and there came a time when that
was totally it he kept trying to
reinvent himself he said well let's see I'm not
going to succeed being loved on this
platform people don't like me so I'll
do it by being the most hated on the
platform and with good reason the important thing about
this platform is not even having more
lines and less the line and more
positive comments the important thing is the views and
that people talk about you therefore the
hate comments the dislikes and the
other youtubers that make
critical videos also position you on the
platform he created the character of the month
iberia with politically
incorrect videos very politically incorrect
to entire populations and cities it was what we
could perfectly define as
a provocateur besides that he knew how to do
lopez y verga was capable of making you
watch it on video for the first time
and making you want to
strangle his neck and he even
had a section of a sad
session I would say from a news program on his
channel
notiver gas it was called that was
totally pitiful and that it was not made
with any other animal purpose nor less than to
piss you off yes yes
unfortunately I have been informed that the
secretary of the interior who answers
to the name of josé francisco blake mora
died today an
air tragedy until when are we
mexicans going to endure these
air tragedies we don't stop to think
about the consequences I say where the
plane fell I think there were trees and who is going to
repair those trees you until
the day came that he made his famous video the
forests are they stink the parks or are they a
musical group that is on youtube that
nowadays people listen to us it's [ __ ] the
way things are but at the time they
were quite good I don't know if it was quite
fashionable but they did have a certain
movement on the platform and mes and
berga and his videos  throwing a lot of [ __ ]
about them
is a problem for those who are not or not
after this video all the fans in
fact singer went to the channel of month and
came to give a lot of dislike to
put a lot of comments and that
video stood out quite a lot in views for
what used to be the time and from there
the criticisms of the youtubers and come on
seeing this he said well
if with a video criticizing this
musical group I have managed to get all
the fans and videos to come even if it is to
insult me ​​I can do exactly the
same with the youtubers that are
relevant and that have many fans the
content that started to make me
shiberghan was not so much to
offend the protagonist of the video as
his fan it was more to get out of his box
and listen to the nonsense that they put love to
the rat children than to offend the
characters themselves they were videos that
were focused on bringing hate from
the fans of the character that criticizing
the youtubers of Mexico
very badly in fact in Mexico it is not so
frowned upon the fact that among others
youtube over insult each other I don't know how he
is a doctor he has thicker skin in
that sense here  In Spain we get offended
by much less but there in Mexico and in
Latin America in general
people seem to curse each other more
and each other's mothers and they
take it very very slightly as
something minor look damn he should know if you
stopped copying me and man
if just like Mix and Ver Gas are
doing great with the blogs then I'm going to
copy him not too easy I'm going to open a
channel called Werevertumorro because
if I put Mex and Belgians two
people are going to realize that I want to copy the god Mix and man what a little [ __ ] let's see tell me who introduced you to Cassandra I really have a tooth to choose who left you alone with your uncle in the closet and really here in Spain calling
someone a son of a [ __ ] for example
is something minor that often doesn't
even carry a fine
absolutely nothing but at a public level it
is very frowned upon to be a
bad mouth in front of the camera and
Spanish youtubers took it much
worse and
they entered into a war in a tremendous war with mes and verga because they did not understand that it was all a character who did it to provoke and that they were feeding the troll, I mean it all started with a video of auro and behind auro came about four steps but in
reality the criticisms of aurum play
towards the youtubers or towards the gamers
only reflect their lack of sex and their
lack of social life
you are garbage it is that you have a face
to kick cloth you really have the face to
talk to you to kick you in the
mouth until we go to disfigure your entire
face garbage can you tell me why the [ __ ]
your ears grow down here
[ __ ] if you practically have your
ears on your chin many of us think that
despite being a character they exhibit me
or diego de la mata however you want used
the character of my ex and belgian to
give back to the world all the hate that he
had received always hiding behind his
character something similar to what
wish michu did every time he screws up goes here
we would enter into the debate of whether messi
verga is really a character or is a
facade that he has invented  Diego to
shield himself and be able to have a free channel to insult
whoever he wants
in my humble opinion of course he
is a character I can't imagine
Diego having a beer with him and him
moving his arms as if he were
the typical inflatable doll Elche that
moves his arms like idiots with
the wind that are usually in
Formula 1 races and things like that
because I
can't imagine him having a beer with whoever he is with with those arm movements as if it were a pen and insulting everything he comes across because in fact it is that if he had looked for more than a beating on more than one occasion
in fact I believe that all of us on YouTube
in a certain way are doing a
performance when we are recording ourselves we
all exaggerate our attitudes a little
to entertain the audience can you
imagine the house although the man
Garmendía in the queue at a supermarket
jumping from one side to the other
of the establishment while he waits in
line for the checkout no true in 2015
U2 see the one he gets killed
shows  this private conversation he
had with diego through facebook as
irrefutable proof that what
messi does on his channel is not a
character a couple of years ago
we exchanged some messages
on
facebook and among the things he told me
is this look at it and see it and analyze it
please it does
not agree at all with what
others say in this video that message what he
says in it does not prove at all
that me xxi verga is not a total
character what is there is not
incompatible at all let's see
what he does on his channel and his function is to
look for the mouth and the provocation both
the character he is criticizing and
the audience he comes to tickle
to seek the reaction of the public and
surely say what is contrary to
popular opinion so that they
react in a way and argue
with him or put comments
trying to contradict him but
this does not mean that on many
occasions it is by chance that these
things that they are going to tell to
contradict everyone and to annoy him
on youtube do not coincide  with
your real thinking it is not
incompatible at all and if there is something that we
cannot deny Diego de la Matas is that he
has an incredible ability to
get people to fall for his
provocations recently I dedicated a
tweet to gorosito in box hito to gordos
lipot sano I dedicated a tweet that
said please the diary of two don't
touch yourself with my photo no
here I appear not the great titan of
titans well testing the
rain products not great quality or great quality of the
rain products hidros did not take long
to answer or I already launch the
provocation hidros then immediately he answers
[ __ ] I launch the attack and he responds
in my own territory and
again he answered with a photo of his
buttons like very greedy he quoted no and he
said don't touch yourself with this
photo no incredible [ __ ] incredible when
sprouting from command a tweet and then immediately he
answers me the poor thing is not my fan
girl he became very successful and
many visits that his channel grew
and prospered I know for several years is  It's
undeniable that Diego Pixie
Verga's channel was one of the most
popular and famous Spanish-speaking channels
for several years. It got many of
the popular YouTubers of the time to
turn their heads to answer
some of his criticisms.
Aurum Plays, Oldman, Jordi White, a lot. She
was invited to top YouTube event titles,
not even network events, very
important events with quite a bit of relevance. You
couldn't get a better one.
Comex and Vergas, I repeated it three times. Step
grab the microphone, son.
But hey, we
all know that Jocelyn Hoffman
is only here because Patricia
Caeli didn't want to come. It seems incredible
but her name has been heard on
several occasions on television.
The problem is that now
accusations have arisen that German would
cheat. A controversy that arose was
not because of YouTube when another user
accused him of using fake accounts generated
cybernetically to fraudulently increase his
follower records. The
more views a video registers, the
more income its author can generate. He
was even one of the members of the
most popular collaborative channel at the
moment called La Central, which
belonged to Pablo Blogs but was
collaborative with  youtuber the size of
kylie from raya well the sister also
from raya j redhead in his powerful time
asking why there have been so many
changes in the
because there has been so much fear
[Music]
arrives
and this is the surprise of the day
[Music]
and I also have them kidnapped
so from now on I'm going to come out every
week explanatory
and yes, I do come every month and with their
insults and with their low attacks
but how we human beings like to see
blood flow when it's about us or
with someone we empathize with it
offends us but when it's for others it
seems to hook us right and this there will
be many people who can deny it
but in pure reality
hey turbo plant you need a turbo
hair implant because you're
getting warm and it can be seen even if you
try to hide it you can see that your [ __ ]
forehead already reaches like the back of your neck no
please friends please more respect
no more respect I mean you're only getting
visits because she hides her baldness your
because you criticized something indicate that she
shows her tits no you are
showing your baldness and nobody says anything to you
please it's obvious that only
you get views for your takala or for your
[ __ ] bald head not from lewis michu
2.0 what is that if I'm wrong I had the wing
bug for example we can't
deny that a successful youtuber but if he
uploads a video to his secondary channel that does
n't even have two million subscribers
putting his arch enemy like a rag
and telling him everything whether it's true or a
lie, he will get views on that video
that
his youtube career hasn't had on any of his
channels another example 2 one of the
most famous and top and
oldest Spanish-speaking youtubers is capable of
getting like five times the number of
views he has on a normal video on
his main channel in a well-crafted and
elaborate video spanking bala
boat from his secondary channel with
videos that are simply to hit record
and stop and there are the numbers I could
give you thousands of examples even on my
own channel when I'm fighting with
someone when I'm arguing with
someone I get heated and the dream by my
side to win is when it has more views
and when the most active people are and it's
that you like you like meat on the
grill and if this type of video instead
of turning them into occasional videos
we turn them into regular videos on a
channel we will have guaranteed success according to
Diego himself his character
is based on several philosophers and
writers for example in everything and skin
author of crime and punishment
political writer where he has criticized them for
putting their characters in
quite extreme situations to provoke the
reaction of the readers or he says we are
alive but nothing means anything whoever
thinks that Diego de la Mata is now the
alphabet and a fool is
quite wrong I tell you now as I
said at the beginning of this video
a person who has a base of
studies I think is a person who
has culture and in addition to being a fan of the
seventh art is also a fan of
literature and great thinkers on
some occasions he lets loose some things
that seem like a walking encyclopedia and
even despite making videos of
Salcedo I consider that he has
quite good videos with quite
solid arguments such as what he did
regarding the bottle of wing michu or
what he did to the reference of the whole
movement with info I had I think that Diego does
not have a hair of  stupid nor in the
head in the beard is the beard since it
appears that he has to have a goatee
half mind a little with you Diego who
also plays and who knows perfectly what he
does at all times and now what we
would have to judge would be is he really
a bad person he is good people if you
ask me in my opinion I think he
is not a demon but that he has said
barbarities and accusations to many
people who have done a lot of harm and that he
owes a big apology to many
people I think that there came a time when
everything was worth it to get views
and I'm not just saying this because he made
videos profiting and making fun of the
dead without a password that the actor at
40 years old has died in a
car accident in his power crashed caught
fire and then died
the Hollywood actor the actor that you
had the fast and furious who also
appeared in fast and furious 2 in fast and
furious 3 in fast and furious 4 5 and 6 and
that unfortunately could no longer do
either fast curious 89 or 10 or even
to be able to do fast and furious  15
because paul walker this [ __ ] mother has
died rest in peace I mean hollywood is getting drunk
actors are dying and you go it's nothing [ __ ] but
I want to see paul walker no matter what
in fast and furious 20 the same that he
returned today I hope that he
is in good health or worse to the
point of putting in the description of the
video the porn video of de na he no longer
gets along with the sand anymore but he is a friend
of dallas always crossing the line of what is
politically correct and playing on the edge
of legality with what can and cannot be
commented on the internet with his
insults do you think that diego has at some point
crossed the line of what can
be legal or what is not I think that of
course he has as I said
on twitter in the next few years
dallas's 10 year old sister is going to
accuse him of having sexually abused
her that's right friends I am already
telling you right now nothing the folha
ukrainian friend of dallas was showing her tits
on the webcam of the environment saying that  he has
never abused any of his
partners it's the attitude of a psychopath a
bug like daniel santomé i have the
pack where no one shows their breasts and
vagina
the new ukrainian delight from dallas
these are some pearls of the
transcription of the video he made about
size it really seems disgusting to me man
many times I am ashamed of having been
your follower when I read things like this but
as I was telling myself shiberghan is no
idiot and he knows very well what he does
when he is an [ __ ] and makes a troll video
'no to people who are in his same country
if he touches balls and all but he doesn't
do it in the same way he doesn't do it the
same way as for example he does
with the Spanish youtubers okay I think
that with the Spanish youtubers he goes
much more over the top and well with people
from other countries in general who are not
close to him because he knows that filing
a lawsuit between so many kilometers
would be something quite complicated that
can be done but how
quite very complicated I don't understand how
a person is capable of making
such serious accusations like this against another when
he  has been through similar things and knows what it's
like to have a girlfriend accuse you of making
really strong excuses and having to defend yourself
in fact and this makes me wonder
which of all these parts that we just
mentioned is part of your character
or does Diego really agree with
this we have to understand that you have
done all this from humor or more than one
thing has gone with a certain malice and has
taken advantage of the facade of your character
to hurt other people because you
continue to keep these videos on your
channel but nothing forever and this
detestable role that ended up leaving
his image on the ground was not
successful for them for life suddenly
the whole situation took a turn
against him and the character that Diego
de la Mata played, Maxi Verga,
was a character that was too easy to
play and could be anyone
even better many other
old Messis appeared on the platform that
did it better than him or worse but it
was clear that they were competition when there is
a piece of cake it is not the same to
have it for yourself than having to
share it with others people do not
have infinite time to watch
YouTube videos so  the more
competition there is the smaller your
percentage of the pie will suddenly start
paying attention to other
critical youtubers and they stopped feeding the troll
the youtube platform itself refused
to give him his subscriber video award
the gold plaque when
youtube passed one million subscribers
according to them because they did not comply with the
rules something that although he did not want to
pretend and act like he did not care it really
screwed him over and it was noticeable
in his attitude and on his face and it is
totally understandable for a youtuber
reaching one million subscribers is
something you do the [ __ ] [ __ ] load of the
internet it costs you a lot of work and it
wants recognition and if there is an
award that is a gold plaque it is a
[ __ ] shame that the platform does not want to give it to you
because it is toxic for
me a turning point a before and
after in the channel you have and dick
was the day he did the debate with dallas be
very careful I am not saying at all that I am
saying to look ridiculous nor is the light left
Miriam I am not going to go into this
video to say who is more right and
who is not I
was reacting the other day you
can see it on my secondary channel  and
well some point zero diaz diego because
i saw diego a diego who was
just taking everything as a joke he was
like another le ando and adal applying himself and
getting into the rag very easily and
taking many things seriously things
that i also see totally logical
maybe all the nonsense and accusations
that this man has made him he is not going to
get into a box with him and yes it is true
that in the debate itself diego in front
of dallas he made several accusations that he
could not sustain such as nonsense
like the dj's table
was not plugged in which was nonsense
not something to take seriously
but the thing was so serious and
people took it so badly that he was
losing subscribers in droves it
seems that if he is dedicated to saying that I
read metro or rather as if everything he said in
the call was only to provoke me and he
really did not intend to debate but only to
provoke it provoked me yes it provoked me
real pity so that you can see how
sad this situation is today he has lost
in what we have of today that we have not even
finished the day more  of 574 which is
more than he usually earns a day so
you think his social play is worth it you see here
how exactly his channel is losing
subscribers when parliament
thought he was going to earn by making a
video about me and in fact if we go
live let's see what happens
there it is going down and why am I going to
read a lot of comments on his
video which curiously are from his fans
many of them saying that they are
really disappointed with him even
people who do not agree with me how you
disappointed me this time next and I
was just evading questions and changing the
subject for no reason it is clear that you do not know how to
debate carnal mix and vergas
horrible debate seriously and this is considered
critical what an exception where is the mex
and del ro even of speech and so
titans get out of here so you did not define what a
debate is because minute 30 and maxi does not
prove anything this one even insults me and
then calls me truly
intelligent I wanted what I say could
do a better role but well I do not
like many of Diego's videos but
honestly this is absurd this video in this
video Diego looks like a rat child in that
debate clearly there was something  what made
bercy verga's channel change went from
having a channel in a
pretty healthy state that was gaining
followers and views daily to
suddenly at that moment
the views started to die but literally
die after videos
twenty and thirty thousand views after the
debate with tables and every day
losing subscribers and it remained like that
for more than a year if I remember correctly
I think I was watching it on the verge of almost
losing a million my secondary channel is
worth 15 thousand subscribers and barely
eight days of activity has more views
than you in the last one let me
check it if you come to their skills
xxi vergas I can count that on my
secondary channel with 15 thousand subscribers I
have I have the same [ __ ] views as
you with 1,100,000 I'm not saying this to
offend anyone because I don't like to
mess with my colleagues in the sense
of the number of views or the number of
subscribers or something like that because this
is something that today can happen to you
and tomorrow it can happen to me and besides they
are all streaks okay there is no channel that
dies that cannot be revived but [ __ ] you have to
recognize that already  you have to be
really screwed for his brother to make
fun of your visits but not everything in
this video is going to be sticks because in
fact I think that Diego has a
lot of good things to offer the public or to crash quite a bit what
I'm going to tell you next and it is that sincerely despite being a cultured and intelligent person like me I consider it a slight flaw in the character Messi Belgian that perhaps has gone unnoticed by many people but for example for me it is not a detail in
his character that completely betrays him
and the thing is that on several occasions he has
shown a touch of humility
when you are
playing the role of the bad guy of the platform you can't leave a detail like that and don't worry I'm not on top of him because it seems correct listening from here I can argue that although his most intense time time and dick he had no qualms about putting in
the description or mentioning in the
video itself another youtuber much
smaller than him if he caught some
extracts and threw out some information or found
out something from someone other
than him and even recommend those
channels I have seen it on numerous
occasions in what  with jon lord it's fake
that a youtuber with about 50 thousand
subscribers or something like that, which I met
through him specifically and with myself,
with myself, has used my click,
having three thousand four thousand
subscribers and putting the description of
his videos and giving me a surge in views
and subscribers, it may seem like an
idiocy to you but this is highly
valued on the platform because
any youtube with a certain number of
followers that doesn't do this has no
stability
and on youtube with this number of
followers if they take an extract from you or if they
copy a video directly, they don't
mention you, they don't give you free advertising
unless they're paying them because
most of them want to prevent others from
growing, it also helps me that I have
another thing in common and that is that we are the
only youtubers from sal seo that have
come out to defend a woman, for me the
only youtuber who has been truly
harassed by machismo on this
platform and that is youtube the wind and
while I didn't harm anyone, she
has always been insulted and judged for
the fact of using cleavage, of not
using it and be very careful that I  I have
made some humorous videos but there have
been times when they criticized
Wind and even for wearing a bikini there were
comments on Wind and Bird's videos
that were totally unacceptable
complete nonsense last
season it seems that Iberia is
resurrecting and I am happy for them
despite having been a
living dead for more than a year or a year and a
half something like that and this is thanks to the fact that they
have changed their attitude in the videos
now they are limiting themselves to commenting on the
salsa singer from a much more
relaxed attitude from a calmer
and more serene attitude without entering into insults or
defamation and it seems that this is
having more
today on the platform than what we
knew before and the examples I
refer to we have youtubers who have
taken off in a very short time and they
are throwing us away like for
example guests news
Andres Perez 2 or upload gear enemy heretic magician
one who is good is
incredible has always done us they have been the
same way and in less than a year
he got a million subscribers and the
guy continues to boom with his visits and  it's
going [ __ ] great in fact he took the
throne from messi it's true it's very little time
in addition to few youtube decided to give the
golden button to maxi verga finally and
done something that made him very
happy and that motivated him a lot and you can
see it on his face of excitement and the
last thing i'm going to say to diego in
this video is that if in 2002 he removed
all of his previous videos those of the
mata blog because he felt like he was ashamed
or humiliated
those videos with which he started
trying to make humor that really did
n't do any harm to anyone but it
is true that the click is powerful it was
quite powerful let's say he
removed them because he knows the gong knows about
them because they are still on your channel diego de
la mata video with which he really does have to
feel very ashamed
and you should put them in private as soon as
possible and I don't know an apology or something
however more if you see it
but nobody here I only come here to give
my opinion and I think I have made a
fairly objective and
fairly constructive criticism that I have already said
that just as I did with zorrito I
consider it  Diego, a colleague from the
platform, although we have our
differences and this can serve
to reflect and for something good,
no [ __ ] it stops, that's what I did and nothing
guys, that's all for today's video, I
hope you liked it, leave me out in the
street with comments, what do you think and
especially now that I'm dead and banned from
twitter you're going to find me
commenting a lot on the forum, okay, I'll be
spending every night
taking a walk around Vico, opinions,
are there posts from each youtube on the floor,
register, totally free,
totally active, they upload some
pretty interesting blogs, there are bloggers like
tuna on the chicken on youtube, there's also one
over there who made a post the other day
to eat it and nothing, we'll see each other
in the next video, in the next
newscast, whatever happens